Update windows-requirements.md (#32938)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/requirements/windows-requirements.md

## Enable Long Paths

> The runtime repository requires long paths to be enabled. Follow the instructions provided here to modify the registry to opt into that [feature](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/fileio/naming-a-file#enable-long-paths-in-windows-10-version-1607-and-later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime repository requires long paths to be enabled. Follow [the instructions provided here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/fileio/naming-a-file#enable-long-paths-in-windows-10-version-1607-and-later) to enable that feature.
```

If using Git for Windows you might need to also configure long paths there. Using an admin terminal simply type:
```cmd
git config --system core.longpaths true
```

## Visual Studio

- Install [Visual Studio 2019](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/). The Community version is completely free.

Visual Studio 2019 installation process:
- It's recommended to use 'Workloads' installation approach. The following are the minimum requirements:
  - .NET Desktop Development with all default components.
  - Desktop Development with C++ with all default components.

> - To build for Arm32 or Arm64, Make sure that you have the Windows 10 SDK installed (or selected to be installed as part of VS installation). To explicitly install Windows SDK, download it from here: [Windows SDK for Windows 10](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/downloads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To build for Arm32 or Arm64, make sure that you have the right architecture specific compilers installed:
```

Installing Windows 10 SDK is required for all architectures, and it is covered by previous point.
